Vue Updates (#3619)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-verify/javascript.vue.mdx

> Add a button to your view template that throws an error:

Reviewer: Yeah, nice addition!

Q: is it `view template` or `Vue template` here?

> Add a button to your view template that throws an error:

Author: I'm not very familiar with Vue terminology 😅  but just thought this as "one of the view templates of a Vue app"

> Add a button to your view template that throws an error:

Reviewer: Ah no worries. Would this avoid the potential for confusion?

```suggestion
Add a button to your page that throws an error:
```

> Add a button to your view template that throws an error:

Author: I think so, thanks :)
